---
title: "Teaching Philosophy"
date: "2021-12-01"  # Add today's date.
type: "page"  # Page type is a Widget Page

view: 2

header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
---

As the old saying goes, “Give someone a fish, and you feed them for a day; teach someone to fish, and you feed them for a lifetime.” For me, teaching is not only about imparting the knowledge to the students (what) but also about helping them develop a way of thinking and practice (how to); teaching is not a one-way communication but a process of constructive interaction, which involves both the teacher and the students. From introductory to advanced courses, my goal of teaching is to inspire students to think critically, to learn fast, and to apply knowledge in real-world settings.  

**Connect with the students**: I believe effective teaching starts with creating a welcoming and friendly learning environment for all students. To this end, I make sure that students understand I am available and approachable to them, and I encourage them to come to office hours and reach out to me if they have learning concerns. I ask for students’ feedback and input throughout the semester using anonymous polls and surveys. For example, in my research method class, I measured students' familiarity with each method and collected their expectations and concerns about the class at the beginning of the semester. Then I shared the aggregated data with my students in the second-class meeting and provided resources and introduced specific class mechanisms accordingly to address those concerns.

Additionally, I show empathy and support to students who go through transitions and difficulties in their life. I had non-traditional students who enrolled in the entry-level class to fulfill degree or certificate requirements and struggled with the new environment. I had international students who had difficulties overcoming language barriers in their learning. I also had students who excel in one aspect of learning but need extra help in other aspects. As an international student who pursues an advanced degree after years' working experience, I can easily relate to many struggles that my students have and support them based on my knowledge and experiences. I send out check-in emails to individuals and groups, talk to students after class, and offer positive feedback to help students gain confidence and make progress at their own pace.
           
**Understand and adapt to the diversity of students**: Every student comes to the class with unique experiences and perspectives as well as different learning habits. In a communication class, I highly value this diversity and teach my students to respect the differences in culture and values. I try to include every student in the class discussion and encourage them to contribute their ideas. I believe that a successful teacher needs “to teach students in accordance with their aptitude” as stated by Confucius. And teaching should build on knowing the students’ learning habits and strengths. In this regard, I try to be flexible and diversify my teaching for different classes to cater to different academic and career needs. At the same time, I nudge students to step out of their comfort zone and develop a variety of skills that they need for real-life challenges. In my method class, instead of letting students just focus on the method that they prefer, I challenged students to practice both qualitative and quantitative methods as well as to get exposure to the computational method by integrating these components into class materials and assignments. On the other hand, I understand there is always a learning curve for students to acquire new knowledge. Therefore, at the early stage of the class, I offer students opportunities to resubmit assignments after receiving the feedback and grade their work based on individual progress.

**Balancing learning and practicing**: I believe that although classes like public speaking and research methods are practical, it is important for students to understand and acquire systematic knowledge to guide these practices. In each class module, I teach students about communication and research theories first, explain abstract concepts with visuals and examples, and leave time for students to practice and apply what they have learned. I design class activities and assignments that students are interested in and could relate to their life or future career. For example, I find out through the class survey that my students are interested in influencer marketing and social media, so in class, we use "influencer marketing" as the research topic and explore the phenomenon using interview, survey, and experiment methods. At the end of the semester, students can gain greater insights about the subject using different approaches and construct a business report based on the findings that they get from three rounds of data collection. The process not only allows students to practice their learning but also enables them to produce original work that can benefit their career as PR and advertising professionals.

**Beyond learning and classroom**: In class, I treat my students as adults because I want them to be responsible for their learning, their life, and society. I ask students to follow instructions by telling them working in the right direction is as important as making effects. I let students take charge of their grades by trusting them to keep records of their participation points in my public speaking class. I encourage students to “talk back” to me respectfully if they hold different views and offer extra points for those who show initiative and active participation in learning. I hope the empowerment in the classroom motivates students to continue active participation in the life and in causes that they believe. I believe society needs its citizens to think critically, to lead, and to stand up for greater causes, and the goal of higher education is to cultivate students to be responsible and engaging citizens. Therefore, I attempt to facilitate this process through my teaching.

To sum up, I strive to be student-centered in my teaching by establishing a good connection with them, understanding their different learning habits, and adapting to those differences accordingly. I strive to help students understand the theories and apply the knowledge for practical uses. Ultimately, I hope they can become responsible and engaging citizens in society.